Document behaviour of dictionary.insert() when key exists (#282)
typst/typst: docs/src/reference/types.md

### insert()
Insert a new pair into the dictionary and return the value.

> If the dictionary already have this key present, the value is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the dictionary already contains this key, the value is updated.
```
